hello and welcome back to another
Monster High video I'm Carly and today
we are taking a look at the skull shores
5 pack Clawdeen Wolf this version of
Clawdeen comes in a 5 pack with 4 other
ghouls and if you want to see who else
is in the 5 pack with her and see a
general overview you can go ahead and
check the links down below to a video
for that
so unfortunately Clawdeen does not come
with a stand
I had to supply my own if you want to
display you will have to find one for
her yourself which is a real bummer
before we start on this interesting
bathing suit cover up get up she has
going on let's go ahead and take a look
at her hair makeup and accessories ok so
I can't be the only one that absolutely
loves it when Claudia's hair is long
straight in purple leave a comment below
if you agree with me but this stuff is
so cool it's really long it's really
straight and it has a shock of green
right there as for her makeup it seems
to be following suit with her hair you
have some green eyeshadow and a
beautiful purple lip Clawdeen's only
accessories are her earrings and I'm
really beginning to sense that there is
a green and purple pattern here so on
this ear we have two triangles one is a
translucent green and one is a
translucent purple on the other side we
have two squares one is a translucent
green and one is a translucent purple
I wonder what colors her bathing suit
and cover-up will be hmm yep you guessed
it it's purple and green up here we have
a halter tie with this purple ring and
this thing has an interesting cut to it
it looks like it would just be a big old
sack that you would put over yourself
but it does have arm holes down here
which leads to an off-the-shoulder look
personally I think it makes it look a
bit boxy but hey I do like the pattern
on it though you have these hibiscus
flowers that have this animal print in
it and then you have a whole bunch of
zebra stripes all throughout you also
have some dark purple hibiscus flowers
down here I think is really really cool
let's take a look at her bathing suit
underneath it is a green zebra print and
strapless ooh somebody is bold it is so
cute it is a one-piece and it has this
big thick black band across the middle
and for her shoes these are adorable
and they are translucent purple jelly
shoes and they look like all these
straps and everything are supposed to be
zebra stripes which I totally love
before wrapping up let's take a quick
second to look at Claudine's
freaky flaws and she is a werewolf she
has these little werewolf ears her eyes
are yellow she has some things and her
claws are just that they are crazy crazy
claws alright and that wraps it up thank
you so much for watching and if you like
this video on the skull shores Clawdeen
Wolf make sure to let me know down below
in the comments with a like or even by
subscribing and don't forget to check
out all of my other individual reviews
on the ghouls from this 5 pack never
forget to be yourself be unique and be a
monster now you can watch another one of
my Monster High videos or you can watch
one of my friends videos our pictures
are always in the corner like these four
examples